LDAP Secrets self-managed roles and static roles on rotation manager documentation (#2057)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/api-docs/secret/ldap.mdx

- `binddn` `(string: <required>)` - Distinguished name (DN) of object to bind for managing user entries.
  For example, `cn=vault,ou=Users,dc=hashicorp,dc=com`.
- `bindpass` `(string: <optional>)` - Password to use along with `binddn` for managing user entries. Bindpass

>   cannot be set for self-managed plugin configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bindpass` `(string: <optional>)` - Password to use along with `binddn` for
  managing user entries. You cannot set `bindpass` for self-managed plugin
  configurations.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

Manager system, the same system already used for automated root rotation. When Vault is first unsealed after an upgrade,
it will automatically begin a migration process for all existing static roles to move from a plugin-managed rotation
system to Rotation Manager. This process runs in the background and will not prevent ordinary operation of the plugin during its execution. Individual static role rotations will be paused until they get migrated, at which point they will
automatically resume their normal rotation schedule.

The `static-migration` endpoint provides some visibility into the migration process and is intended for operational
awareness and troubleshooting purposes if intervention is required.

| Method   | Path                          |
| :------- | :---------------------------- |
| `GET`    | `/ldap/static-migration`      |
| `POST`   | `/ldap/static-migration`      |

The `GET` endpoint returns several statistics of the migration process currently running or if there is no migration
in progress. The `POST` endpoint starts the migration process if there are any static roles that haven't been migrated

> yet or reports that there is already a migration in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GET` endpoint returns statistics about in-progress migration attempts.

You can manually trigger a migration process with the `POST` endpoint if you
have static roles that have not migrated yet. The endpoint returns a warning if
Vault is already in the process of migrating the role.
```

Style correction: write in active voice

### Sample GET request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request GET \

>     http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/ldap/static-migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ${VAULT_ADDR}/v1/ldap/static-migration
```

```

### Sample GET response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "migrated": [
      "hashicorp",
      "alice",
      "bob"
    ],
    "unmigrated": [
      "carol",
      "dan"
    ]
  }
}
```

### Sample POST request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request POST \

>     http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/ldap/static-migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ${VAULT_ADDR}/v1/ldap/static-migration
```
